You read it wrong.
Ye Fanxin
How could they possibly afford to drive such a nice car?
Ouch Longjing Tian
No see for a few days
Which garbage dump did you pick up a piece of junk from?
I really went to great lengths to meet Long Shuai
Really found like a fly
Alright Xiaoxiao
Let's go in.
So as not to be late.
With Long Shuai, don't go quickly
I really shouldn't have agreed to let them come in the first place
I'm sorry today is all because of me
That's why you were humiliated by them so much
No need to apologize
Let's go inside.
I told you I had a surprise for you
You will love it.
Yo
This Long Shuai's living room is really luxurious and stylish
It's like a palace.
All those who came today are from Beicheng
Top people who can stand by their fingers
a while
We'll choose the girl in the blue dress.
He will make up for it.
Just make him feel like you're taking more of his stuff
Then our chances are half successful